when I was thinking very much about the conference and what was going to come after the conference. I thought that it is a marker, a very big marker, and it would be a very appropriate time for me to bow out
Paisley has been a controversial, divisive figure in Northern Ireland politics throughout his five decades of involvement. Until his acceptance of the First Minister position with political rival and enemy, Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness, a former IRA commander, Paisley was nicknamed Dr. No for his refusal to grant any concessions to the Irish nationalists or republicans, and his working with McGuinness would have been unheard of ten years ago
This is not the Church of Rome. This is not Apostolic succession
Ian Paisley has made a huge contribution to political life in Northern Ireland and the United Kingdom. The whole country values and admires the manner in which he has led as First Minister
His commitment and dedication to public service deserve our gratitude. Progress on bringing a lasting peace to Northern Ireland would not have been possible without his immense courage and leadership
Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern also gave his feelings on Paisley. "The announcement by Dr Ian Paisley that he will step down from the post of First Minister is a watershed in the history of Ireland. He is a giant figure in the history of these islands. In recent years, I have grown to know Dr. Paisley and have valued the practical and friendly working relationship that developed between us. I respect him as a man who worked tirelessly for the people he represents and who has sincerely done what he believed was right
The announcement by Dr Ian Paisley that he will step down from the post of First Minister is a watershed in the history of Ireland. He is a giant figure in the history of these islands
In recent years, I have grown to know Dr. Paisley and have valued the practical and friendly working relationship that developed between us. I respect him as a man who worked tirelessly for the people he represents and who has sincerely done what he believed was right
In short, in the final analysis, he made it happen. The man famous for saying 'no' will go down in history for saying 'yes
Ian Paisley has played a very powerful role in the course of the politics of the north of Ireland and the island of Ireland. The historic decision he took to go into government with Sinn Fein has changed the face of Irish politics forever
The historic decision he took to go into government with Sinn Fein has changed the face of Irish politics forever. I think that he will be fondly remembered by the people of Ireland - north and south - for the very courageous leadership that he showed
The DUP and indeed Northern Ireland will forever be indebted to Dr. Paisley for his contribution. He is truly a Unionist colossus and he can be justifiably proud that today Unionist politics and Northern Ireland's position within the Union are stronger than at any point during his extraordinary career
History will judge whether Ian Paisley will be remembered for 40 years of saying no or one year of saying probably. Many will say his road to Damascus conversion came 35 years too late. The achievements of the executive since last May have been modest in the extreme
Many will say his road to Damascus conversion came 35 years too late. The achievements of the executive since last May have been modest in the extreme
that Ian Paisley was going to be hung out to dry by the DUP pragmatists. He had served his purpose
It has been quite clear for some time that Ian Paisley was going to be hung out to dry by the DUP pragmatists. He had served his purpose. He had delivered what they had devised, but they couldn't sell themselves as a government with unrepentant terrorists
Taal said in court that he knew Mam Sait Ceesay. “I used to work at the Daily Observer as Managing Director up to November 2007. I know the accused," he sa
 “I used to work at the Daily Observer as Managing Director up to November 2007. I know the accus
 “I used to work at the Daily Observer as Managing Director up to November 2007. I know the accused," he said. He continued by describing his former job at the observ
id. He continued by describing his former job at the observer. "My job entailed the management of the paper, both financial management, personnel management and also the con
d.Ceesay has been charged with "false publication". He has pleaded not guilty to this ch
I have a message to those assembling today to protest in Cuba: As you struggle for the freedom of your country, the American people stand with you
Organizers, who had said that 500 people would be in attendance for the meeting were left to contend with a turnout closer to 200. Just over half were said to be residents from around the island
Just over half were said to be residents from around the island. The remainder comprised of the organizers themselves, international journalists, diplomats, and others
The remainder comprised of the organizers themselves, international journalists, diplomats, and others. James Cason, chief of the U.S. Interests Section, was one such guest
The opposition event also revealed divisions within the dissident group itself, when arguments broke out among them. Some dissidents, such as Oswaldo Paya, refused to even attend the meeting
The police cars and the police officers have been given a makeover to resemble the New Zealand versions. The planes were branded Air New Zealand, and ambulances were converted to match the local Wellington scheme, among various other changes
The Beehive, Te Papa and the Sky Tower are looking to be added to the game also. O'Callaghan says, "We actually have the models for these buildings but haven't figured out how to import them into the game
O'Callaghan has not heard from the Police at all. He says that if the Police did contact him with their concerns, then he might consider taking the download offline
that if the Police did contact him with their concerns, then he might consider taking the download offline. "If people want to start getting all legal and stuff, then I will just remove it
I don't want to offend anyone. I don't hate NZ Police
I don't hate NZ Police. I think they are actually one of the best Police forces in the world
The 17-year-old has said that his total conversion mod for the San Andreas version of GTA is "fairly popular". "The mod has been fairly popular considering NZ's population, and considering NZ'ers aren't exactly game mod fanatics," O'Callaghan says
The mod has been fairly popular considering NZ's population, and considering NZ'ers aren't exactly game mod fanatics.the latest version of the mod he uploaded has so far had 466 downloads
He has made the mod publicly available for any gamer who wants to play the New Zealand-branded version of the game and enjoy the game as much as he now does.he doesn't want to make money off the game change
The original plan was for the GTA modification to only transform the police cars into New Zealand branded cars but was later extended when O'Callaghan was contacted by other developers. He says, "I originally started with just the police cars back in November last year and left it at that, and then, after uploading it, people came to me saying they wanted to help out with it, and so about a couple of months ago we started making this total conversion
in the future he would like to join the New Zealand Police and work in computer forensics; failing that he'd like to go into the IT industry
As of July 8, the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has reported 1013 confirmed infections throughout the United States, along with four cases in Canada. 203 hospitalizations have been linked to the outbreak
203 hospitalizations have been linked to the outbreak. It has caused at least one death, and it may have been a contributing factor in another
Nearly half of the reported illnesses were in Texas and New Mexico. According to unnamed sources close to the investigation, most illness clusters in the outbreak involve Mexican restaurants
According to unnamed sources close to the investigation, most illness clusters in the outbreak involve Mexican restaurants. Illness clusters in the hard hit state of Illinois were publicly identified by local health departments as involving three Mexican restaurants
The CDC is in the process of investigating the outbreak and trying to identify the contamination's point of origin. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) currently suspects that the contaminated food product is an ingredient in fresh salsa, such as fresh jalapeño pepper, fresh serrano pepper, fresh cilantro, or certain types of raw tomato
Some produce industry insiders doubt that fresh produce is to blame for the outbreak. They point to the absence of "Salmonella" on all of the tested produce samples to date, as well as divergent results from produce traceback
 They also say that the extended time frame of new sicknesses makes it unlikely that either raw tomatoes or fresh jalapeños, the government's two main suspects, could be responsible. Will Steele, President and CEO of Frontera Produce, said that "the outbreak is probably related to processed goods and they’re looking in the wrong closet
."Steele's Texas based company has been forced to hold shipments of fresh jalapeño pe.ing. Although independent testing of both loads showed no sign of "Salmonella", the peppers are still on hold until the FDA finishes its own testing of the second load flagged on July
st. "There are still no re.ys. "The salability of that produce in two to three days is
st. "There are still no re ys. "The salability of that produce in two to three days is gone. We ceased harve
one. We ceased harvesting. There is no sense in bringing in more product and having i
t."Steele, like others in the produce industry, believes that the FDA should be focusing on processed produce instead of fresh produce. "Their methodology is backward," he says. "The FDA is reaching for answers. You can’t tie jalapeño peppers shipped on June 30 back to Apr
ce. "Their methodology is bac.ys. "The FDA is reaching for an
ys. "The FDA is reaching for answers. You can’t tie jalapeño peppers shipped on June 30 back to Apr
l 10."Still, the FDA and the CDC consider the testing of fresh jalapeños and other fresh produce a high priority. The CDC writes that "the accumulated data from all investigations indicate that jalapeño peppers caused some i
The LHC smashes protons together to discover new particles but also generates lots of debris that obscures the fine detail. The ILC would be a much cleaner machine and tell us far more about their real nature
These measures, together with other actions taken in the last few days by individual central banks, are designed to improve the liquidity conditions in global financial markets. The central banks continue to work together closely and will take appropriate steps to address the ongoing pressures
In the first 90 minutes in the American stock markets, the Dow Jones surged nearly 200 points, the NASDAQ was up nearly nine points, and the S&P 500 was up nearly 15 points. Mid-day trading in the European markets saw the UK's FTSE 100 was up 25 points, the DAX was up over 54 points, and the CAC 40 was up nearly 15 points
The Russian markets continued to remain closed for a third day under orders of the Russian government.that it would be infusing their own markets with an additional US$19.7 billion, half of which would come from the federal budget
aid he "corrected the earlier report that six people had been killed, saying that some of those whom they thought were dead were seriously hurt." "Forty-five people were injured and are being treated at the Sanitarium City Hospital and Dr. Uy City Hosp
 said that "our suspects here are the lawless MILF group because of the types of improvised explosive device that were used. The IEDs contained mortar rounds which are their sig
 said that "our suspects here are the lawless MILF group because of the types of improvised explosive device that wer ture. Their real intention was to sow terror in the area. That is our initial f
s." Continuous clashes began in August between government troops and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front, after the High Court annulled a Memorandum of Agreement on.orted that "five people were wounded in two blasts on December 4 in another part of Mi
orted that "five people were wounded in two blasts on December 4 in another part of Mi.th." "There have been at least three bomb attacks on bus terminals in the south sinc
On Wednesday, members of the Bangladesh Rifles (BDR), a paramilitary force charged with border security for Bangladesh, staged a mutiny taking over 100 of their officers as hostages. They took control of the primary barracks in the Pilkhana area of the Dhaka District
According to one mutineer, who spoke to the BBC, the troops were unhappy with the officers and felt that they were being exploited. Rank-and-file BDR members are paid about US$70 (£49) per month, substantially lower than the officers and on par with a low-ranking clerk
In the ensuing standoff, the Bangladesh Army and the Rapid Action Battalion were called in to show the resolve of the government. Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina declared an amnesty for the mutineers if they would stand dow
 troops moved in and discovered a mass grave containing at least 58 officers at the Dhaka facility, including the head of the BDR, Major General Shakil Ahmed. Reports say that as many as 100 were kille
 Reports say that as many as 100 were killed. The Press Trust of India reports that the whereabouts of 130 officers have not been determine
"The bodies were buried underground in a makeshift grave near the hospital in the BDR headquarters compoun."The dirt had been covered with leave
"The people directly involved in the killings will not be pardoned and would not be covered under the general amnest."No-one has the right to kill anyon
Asbestos advocacy groups representing injured former employees are requesting help from the Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd for additional funds from James Hardie. "We're talking to the government and James Hardie about funding options
to defer these taxes until economic conditions improve and James Hardie's profitability returns. In this way, the Australian government would allow James Hardie's taxes to go to the asbestos fund
Victims are currently paid out via a lump sum arrangement, and the Asbestos Diseases Foundation is advocating for the status quo. "Well, how they're paid now is in lump sum and we'd like to continue with that
Well, how they're paid now is in lump sum and we'd like to continue with that. The victim groups are totally opposed to any instalment plan whatsoever
he would request Prime Minister Rudd stay true to his promise that "no one would go without compensation". "I think the state Government should be our white knight
The association refused to agree to this, worried it would result in two divisions. After a four hour meeting last night, Brawn GP, Ferrari, McLaren, Renault, Toyota, BMW Sauber, Red Bull Racing and Toro Rosso announced their decisio
"Since the formation of Fota last September, the teams have worked together and sought to engage the FIA and commercial rights holder (Bernie Ecclestone), to develop and improve the sport. Unprecedented worldwide financial turmoil has inevitably placed great challenges before the F1 communit
 Unprecedented worldwide financial turmoil has inevitably placed great challenges before the F1 community. Fota is proud that it has achieved the most substantial measures to reduce costs in the history of our spor
 In particular, the manufacturer teams have provided assistance to the independent teams, a number of which would probably not be in the sport today without the Fota initiatives. The Fota teams have further agreed upon a substantial voluntary cost reduction that provides a sustainable model for the future. Following these efforts, all the teams have confirmed to the FIA and the commercial rights holder that they are willing to commit until the end of 201
 Following these efforts, all the teams have confirmed to the FIA and the commercial rights holder that they are willing to commit until the end of 2012. The FIA and the commercial rights holder have campaigned to divide Fot
 The FIA and the commercial rights holder have campaigned to divide Fota. The wishes of the majority of the teams are ignore
 The wishes of the majority of the teams are ignored. Furthermore, tens of millions of dollars have been withheld from many teams by the commercial rights holder, going back as far as 2006. Despite this, and the uncompromising environment, Fota has genuinely sought compromis
after an incident in Malaysia last race saw him given a ten-place grid penalty. His car left the pits with a wheel loose, and stewards imposed the penalty after deeming it unacceptably dangerous
Reigning champion Sebastian Vettel continued to struggle with technical problems, including his drag reduction system and gearbox. Starting from tenth ahead of teammate Ricciardo, he was able to reach sixth by the finish line
Reigning champion Sebastian Vettel continued to struggle with technical problems, including his drag reduction system and gearbox. Starting from tenth ahead of teammate Ricciardo, he was able to reach sixth by the finish line. He missed much of the final practice session before qualifying after he spun off the track and beached his car
Venezuelan driver Pastor Maldonado also saw his troubles continue. Having newly switched to Lotus, he failed to complete the opening two races this year and damaged his car with an accidental wheelie practicing for this one
Having newly switched to Lotus, he failed to complete the opening two races this year and damaged his car with an accidental wheelie practicing for this one. Exiting the pit lane on the 41st lap, Maldonado struck the side of Sauber racer Esteban Gutiérrez with sufficient force to send the Mexican's car onto its back before rolling back upright
Gutiérrez received medical attention on-site and in hospital as a precaution, but was uninjured. "Wow!" Gutiérrez told his team via radio before leaving the car. "What was that?" Maldonado received a stop-and-go penalty and finished outside the point
.Stewards had further punishment for the Lotus driver after the race. He will have a five-place grid position penalty at the start of his race in China. He also had three points added to his racing driver's lice
.Maldonado seemed to imply the other driver played a roll in the collision. "We will need to have a look again at what happened," he said, "as Esteban seemed to be off his line coming into turn one — maybe he missed his braking point, I don't know — and by then I was in the corner with nowhere to
, "as Esteban seemed to be off his line coming into turn one — maybe he missed his braking po
 go".Fan opinion is sharply against him, with some using the derogatory nickname Crashtor Maldonado. Others said his punishment was unfair compared to Ricciardo's ten-place grid position drop after his team's mistake in M
sting.Maldonado was not alone in causing accidents. Jules Bianchi received a drive-through penalty after colliding with Adrian Sutil, leaving both cars sporting p
 race.Other retirements included Marcus Ericsson and Kevin Magnussen, both rookies, who separately pulled up at the trackside. Fellow newcomer Daniil Kvyat of Russia, who claimed the title of F1's youngest-ever points scorer at the season opener, was placed just outside the points despite setting one of the fastest laps of the early part of 
ture."The podium was rounded out by Sergio Pérez in third, claiming Force India's second-ever podium finish off the back of a failure to even start in Malaysia with a gearbox malfunction. Nico Hulkenberg to
the air. Williams' racers Felipe Massa and Valtteri Bottas scored seventh and eight place respectively. Kimi Räikkönen claimed the final scoring position of tenth despite a minor collision with Magnussen at the r
 colours.A further near miss was suffered by Bottas when he ran off-track after becoming caught in a battle between Räikkönen and Ricciardo. His team radioed to promise a complaint would be made to race director Char
ie Whiting.Rosberg told his Twitter followers "Great fight with @LewisHamilton but I'm back in two weeks to take the win". Hamilton tweeted "What a race! Amazing to get my first win in Bahrain" and also paid tribute to his 
ton tweeted "What a race! Amazing to get my first w
though as of yet, no damage or flooding has been reported. The precipitation, reaching 6.34 inches at a gauge on Oahu, was described as "beneficial
as officials caution that further rainfall could potentially lead to flooding. On Kauai, some rivers have already begun to swell
Surfers, however, have been enjoying unusually high waves generated by the storm. One resident of Oahu said, "I'm pretty excited
I'm pretty excited. We usually don't get this much big surf at Beach Park
I was excited. I thought I'd grab my fins, come out, check it out this morning
Despite the demise of Felicia, the tropics remain active; two tropical depressions are currently persisting in the Eastern Pacific, while several systems are being watched for development in the Atlantic
You've never seen a Columbine done by a black child. Never
Never. They always say, 'We can't believe it happened here. We can't believe it's these suburban white kids
We can't believe it happened here. We can't believe it's these suburban white kids
They always say, 'We can't believe it happened here. We can't believe it's these suburban white kids.' It's only them
It's only them. Now, a black kid might shoot another black kid
Now, a black kid might shoot another black kid. He's not going to shoot up the whole school
A World Health Organisation study published in "The Lancet" has revealed the main causes of death for people aged 10–24. It has described the majority of these deaths as preventable and suggested solutions to the problems
. 15% of female deaths were down to "maternal mortality" which included pregnancy complications, unsafe abortions, and mutilation of genitals. Road traffic accidents accounted for 10% of deat
6.3% of the deaths were suicides and 6% were down to violence. Tuberculosis and similar lung infections took 10% of the lives and HIV/AIDS killed 5.
 "There has long been an assumption that young people are healthy, fit and they don't d. "I've certainly heard politicians and policy-makers make statements of that ki
 "I've certainly heard politicians and policy-makers make statements of that kind... Some of these problems, related to emotion, are actually very prominent causes not only of death in adolescence, but health problems later in li
d safer speed limits, more use of helmets and seatbelts, and better enforcement of drunk driving law could greatly curb the road deaths. Maternal deaths and sexually transmitted disease rates could be cut by sexual education, safe abortion clinics, pregnancy support, HIV testing and treatment, and access to contraceptiv
. It also sought reduction of availability of poisons, firearms, and other dangerous items. In the case of suicide, the study said more work was needed to help young people recover from acts of violence, sexual assault, and child abuse in both the short and long te
Queen Elizabeth II formally reopened Parliament on Wednesday and announced the legislative agenda of the UK government for the final year of the Coalition's five year term. New measures introduced covered crime, the economy, energy and house building
The next year of legislative changes would, the speech claimed, "deliver on the government's long-term plan to build a stronger economy and a fairer society". On economics, it promised the government would continue to lower taxes, produce an updated Charter for Budget Responsibility to "ensure that future governments spend taxpayers' money responsibly", and continue reduction of the deficit
The speech announced the government would seek to pass a new Serious Crime Bill "to tackle child neglect, disrupt serious organised crime and strengthen powers to seize the proceeds of crime". Another bill will be introduced to deal with modern slavery and human trafficking and to support victims of these offenc
The Serious Crime Bill would also include an increase in the sentence for those who bring about "cyberattacks which result in loss of life, serious illness or injury or serious damage to national security, or a significant risk thereof". Under the Computer Misuse Act 1990, these are currently subject to a ten year prison sentence, but the punishment would now risk imprisonment for li
The Serious Crime Bill would also include an increase in the sentence for those who bring about "cyberattacks which result in loss of life, serious illness or injury or serious damage to national security, or a significant risk thereof". Under the Computer Misuse Act 1990, these are currently subject to a ten year prison sentence, but the punishment would now risk imprisonment for life. Punishment for cyberattacks that cause "a significant risk of severe economic or environmental damage or social disruption" would increase from the current ten year maximum tariff to fourteen yea
Constituents would be able to "recall" an MP who had been found guilty of misconduct under a proposed law that will be debated. The Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith described the current plans as "meaningless" and said voters had been "dup
. The Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith described the current plans as "meaningless" and said voters had been "duped". The Bill would force a by-election if 10% of voters signed a petition within eight weeks, but only if a Commons committee had decided the MP could be recalled. This latter requirement will make it "impossible to recall anyone" according to Goldsmi
, but only if a Commons committee had decided the MP could be recalled. This latter requirement will make it "impossible to recall anyone" according to Goldsmi
Business minister Michael Fallon defended the recall proposals: "we have to protect MPs from being recalled by people who just disagree with them. What you have to ensure is that an MP can't be hounded out just because people disagree with them back in their constituen
 "we have to protect MPs from being recalled by people who just disagree with them. What you have to ensure is that an MP can't be hounded out just because people disagree with them back in their constituen
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said he agreed with Goldsmith that the bill was not perfect, and he wanted "a radical California-style recall" system, but he had settled for a "modest" bill to satisfy "Conservative Party resistance". Goldsmith claimed Clegg had been "the architect of the current Recall Bi
. The British Chamber of Commerce also support such a reform: "While fracking may be unpalatable to some, it is absolutely essential, and businesses will support legislative measures to exploit Britain's shale gas deposi
. The Institute of Directors said laws "must be updated if the UK is to enjoy the benefits of our shale potential", specifically by scrapping laws on trespass to allow the gas extraction to occur. The British Chamber of Commerce also support such a reform: "While fracking may be unpalatable to some, it is absolutely essential, and businesses will support legislative measures to exploit Britain's shale gas deposits". Activists from Greenpeace fenced off Prime Minister David Cameron's home in Oxfordshire with a sign reading "We apologise for any inconvenience while we frack under your home", and delivered a £50 cheque — identified as the maximum compensation suggested for property owne
ls: "The prime minister is about to auction off over half of Britain to the frackers, including national parks and areas of outstanding natural beauty like the Cotswolds. Fracking won't deliver energy on a meaningful scale for years, if ever, by which time we'll need to have moved away from dirty fossil fuels and towards high-tech clean power if we're to head off dangerous climate c
e."Caroline Lucas, Green Party MP, spoke in opposition to the fracking proposals after the Queen's Speech: "Not only does this bill defy public opinion, it denies people a 
ch: "Not only does this bill defy public opinion, it denies people a voice. To allow fracking companies to drill under people's homes and land without their permission is to ignore public interest in pursuit of the vested interests of 
id: "We would have a Queen's Speech with legislation which would make work pay, reform our banks, freeze energy bills and build homes again in Britain. A Queen's Speech which signals a new direction for Britain, not one which offers more of the
eech: "I suspect the pensions proposals will be around for a generation or more and will be remembered. It's about making sure they are fairer, cheaper, more secure, more reliable and potentially better for
eam."Angus Robertson, the leader of the Scottish National Party in Westminster, said the Queen's Speech barely mentioned Scotland: "The absence of any mention at all of the Westminster parties' plans for Scotland in the Queen's Speech is extrao
land: "The absence of any mention at all of the Westminster parties' plans for Scotland in the Queen's Speech is extraordinary. In this – the year of the biggest opportunity in Scotland's history – Scotland hardly even gets a nod at Westminster, and not a single mention of future plans for improving government in S
cotland."The speech made brief mention of Scotland: "My government will continue to implement new financial powers for the Scottish Parliament and make the case for Scotland to remain a part of the Uni
that "we have complete control of Kotkai, a stronghold of the terrorists, where most of the houses had been converted into strong bunkers. This is a very important development tactically
but there have been recent acts of violence which have officials worried. In recent weeks, Pakistan has seen attacks on police centers, military headquarters and a UN building
As well as the loans, made over three years, China will write off the debt of Africa's poorest countries, build 100 African green energy facilities and systematically lower import duties on 95% of all African products exported to China. Another promise is a loan of one billion dollars aimed at small and medium sized businesses in Africa
There will also be efforts to promote each other's culture and increased medical assistance to Africa. Medical assistance comes in the form of 500 million yuan (US$73.2 million) of goods for the 60 hospitals and malaria centers China has already built, as well as 3,000 doctors and nurses
China also plans to assist with satellite weather monitoring, to help combat desertification and work within the urban environment, all aimed at reducing global warming. The new energy facilities will focus on solar, biogas and small-scale hydroelectrical installations
As well as the loans, made over three years, China will write off the debt of Africa's poorest countries, build 100 African green energy facilities and systematically lower import duties on 95% of all African products exported to China. Another promise is a loan of one billion dollars aimed at small and medium sized businesses in Africa. There will also be efforts to promote each other's culture and increased medical assistance to Africa. Medical assistance comes in the form of 500 million yuan (US$73.2 million) of goods for the 60 hospitals and malaria centers China has already built, as well as 3,000 doctors and nurses. Roads will also be improved.China also plans to assist with satellite weather monitoring, to help combat desertification and work within the urban environment, all aimed at reducing global warming. The new energy facilities will focus on solar, biogas and small-scale hydroelectrical installations. Another new measure is a promise to aid African farmers to ensure the continent is fed, increasing the number of demonstrations of agricultural technology in Africa to 20 and sending 50 teams of agricultural technology experts to the continent
increasing the number of demonstrations of agricultural technology in Africa to 20 and sending 50 teams of agricultural technology experts to the continent. Training in agricultural technology will be provided to 2,000 people
Whatever change that may take place in the world, our friendship with the African people will not change." He described this friendship as 'unbreakable
He described this friendship as 'unbreakable'. Two years ago China pledged US$5 billion at the last FOCAC in Beijing and now, according to Jiabao, "China is ready to deepen practical cooperation in Africa
China has paid for schools, hospitals, malaria clinics and Chinese scholarships for African students. 50 more schools are to be built and 1,500 people trained to staff them
Since 2006, Chinese energy firms have committed to spend at least US$16 billion securing African oil and gas. China's Sinopec Group, an oil giant, bought up Addax Petroleum Corporation from its Swiss owners that year, gaining control of oilfields in Nigeria, Cameroon and Gabon
Since 2006, Chinese energy firms have committed to spend at least US$16 billion securing African oil and gas. China's Sinopec Group, an oil giant, bought up Addax Petroleum Corporation from its Swiss owners that year, gaining control of oilfields in Nigeria, Cameroon and Gabon. China promised earlier this year to spend US$9 billion on infrastructure in the Congo in exchange for mineral deposits for mining operations
Jean Ping, leader of the African Union, told those at the conference that the money is coming at an opportune time, because African growth was "totally compromised" by the global financial crisis. Ping said one of the lessons learned is that the world is paying for "the irresponsible and lax behaviour" of large financial companies whose philosophy was to make short-term profits
Not all Africans are happy with China's increasing involvement in their continent. Trade practices are a concern for some, with a view that China exploits Africa for raw materials before selling back finished goods
Trade practices are a concern for some, with a view that China exploits Africa for raw materials before selling back finished goods. Among these are Egyptian Trade and Industry Minister Rachid Mohamed Rachid
if competition is unfair. That is where we are unhappy
Rachid told Bloomberg "What is a worry for me is if competition is unfair. That is where we are unhappy." Jiabao described the trade as being based on "win-win programmes and transparency
Others in Africa are delighted with the situation. "We want more investment from China," Tanzanian President Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete told the forum
We want more investment from China," Tanzanian President Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete told the forum. Egypt's own President Hosni Mubarak talked of "peace, security and growth," and of "boosting cooperation between China and Africa
Jiabao also used his speech to respond to criticisms that China worked with nations regardless of their human rights record, such as Sudan, whose President Omar al-Beahir is wanted on a warrant issued by the International Criminal Court for war crimes. "Africa is fully capable of solving its own problems, in an African way," he said, adding that "China has never attached any political strings to Africa
Beshir thanked China in a speech for diplomatic work in Sudan, including working to defuse the Darfur conflict, which the United Nations says has left 300,000 dead. "We express our deep appreciation for China's efforts in backing the comprehensive peace agreement in Sudan and its peace efforts in Darfur," he said, referring to a peace deal between the northern and southern parts of his country
A further criticism has been that China has brought in Chinese workers and used their own knowledge, instead of training locals. Jiabao's speech indicated an intention to co-operate better in the fields of science and technology, as well as improve training for African students on technical courses
Why do some only criticise China?" asked Jiabao. "Is this a view representing African countries, or rather the view of Western countries
The yeas are 60, the nays are 39. H.R. 3590 as amended, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, is passed
Senator Jim Bunning of Kentucky did not show up for the vote.that "The senator had family commitments
Speaking to reporters, Reid and others hailed the vote as a victory and a major step toward providing millions more Americans with access to health care. "This is a victory because we have affirmed that the ability to live a healthy life in our great country is a right and not merely a privilege for the select few," Reid said
But it does not. These are huge costs and it's not financially sound
This fight is not over. This fight is long from over
This fight is not over. This fight is long from over. My colleagues and I will work to stop this bill from becoming law
The reform bill that passed the Senate this morning, like the House bill, includes the toughest measures ever taken to hold the insurance industry accountable. Insurance companies will no longer be able to deny you coverage on the basis of a preexisting condition
Insurance companies will no longer be able to deny you coverage on the basis of a preexisting condition. They will no longer be able to drop your coverage when you get sick
They will no longer be able to drop your coverage when you get sick. No longer will you have to pay unlimited amounts out of your own pocket for the treatments you need
to support our relief efforts. This will mean more of the life-saving equipment, food, water and medicine that will be needed
This will mean more of the life-saving equipment, food, water and medicine that will be needed. This investment will grow over the coming year as we embark on the long-term recovery from this unimaginable tragedy
Obama said that the US would forge partnerships with Haitian people and Haitian-Americans, along with United Nations peacekeepers. He closed by saying, "To the people of Haiti, we say clearly, and with conviction, you will not be forsaken; you will not be forgotten. In this, your hour of greatest need, America stands with you. The world stands with you
you will not be forsaken; you will not be forgotten
To the people of Haiti, we say clearly, and with conviction, you will not be forsaken; you will not be forgotten. In this, your hour of greatest need, America stands with you
In this, your hour of greatest need, America stands with you. The world stands with you
Meanwhile, the UN's World Food Programme (WFP), which already has an existing operation in the country, is beginning to distribute high energy biscuits which require no preparation before eating. On top of that, the WFP is airlifting 86 metric tons of food from their emergency hub in El Salvador
China is also pledging aid to the country, despite the lack of official diplomatic ties between the two countries. Haiti recognizes the Republic of China, better known as Taiwan. Nevertheless, China has sent a 60 member search and rescue team to Haiti and the Chinese Red Cross is donating one million dollars in emergency a
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Jiang Yu said her country expresses sympathy to the Haitian government and people. Jiang says the Chinese foreign minister has sent a telegram of condolence to his Haitian counterpar
An 80 member team from the United Kingdom of search and rescue specialists has arrived in Haiti to help in efforts there. British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said in a joint press conference with Toaiseach of Ireland Brian Cowen that the team has arrived in the count
, “It is a tragedy beyond imagination and there is a deep sense of loss felt by the whole of the British and Irish people about the tragedy that individual families in Haiti are experiencing at the moment. We send our message of sympathy and support to the people of Haiti at this most difficult of ti
rian help.”France is also sending aid to the French-speaking country, which at one time was a colony of France known as Saint-Domingue. France is sending two planes with res
aint-Domingue. France is sending two planes with rescuers and aid. Civil safety authorities in France are sending a team of 130 members consisting of rescuers, trained rescue dogs, doctors and nurses along with 12,000 tons of aid and 
Western leaders have accused Russia of a military build-up adjacent to Ukraine. Russia held military exercises in the area in March; last week NATO General Philip Breedlove said Russia still has 12,000 troops adjacent to Ukraine, although Russia has claimed its forces have withdrawn from the area
Russia held military exercises in the area in March; last week NATO General Philip Breedlove said Russia still has 12,000 troops adjacent to Ukraine, although Russia has claimed its forces have withdrawn from the area
Russia also said the exercises were to include an array of fighters, bombers and helicopters, and told "Interfax" the purpose of the exercises is to improve air force cohesion. This week's exercises are to be followed by others with the same goal
These cities have both been reported to be surrounded, with civilians stockpiling resources in preparation for a siege amid worsening conditions. "The Telegraph" reported groups of rebels arming themselves with a mixture of new and old weapons, while telling accounts of setbacks inflicted upon the Ukrainian army
"All indications are that this season will be a total disaster. We will be very lucky if we get more than 500,000 tonn
, which suggest that the country's maize output will be 2.5 million tonnes this season, twice the output of 2009. The government now says it believes the output will be poor, but hasn't yet altered its projecti
The spike lower this morning indicates market nervousness about the prospects of a Greek bailout - the message coming out of Europe is still confused
Obama said the treaty is a big step forward for world security. "Today is an important milestone for nuclear security and non-proliferation and for U.S.-Russia relations," he said
Medvedev said because of this treaty, the entire world community has won. The Russian leader said the year-long negotiations were tough, but hard work on both sides brought success
That enabled us to do something that just a couple of months ago looked like 'mission impossible.' Within a short span of time we prepared a full-fledged treaty and signed it
Earlier in the week, President Obama announced a major shift in U.S. nuclear policy. He said for the first time that preventing nuclear proliferation and nuclear terrorism is at the top of the U.S. nuclear agenda
that preventing nuclear proliferation and nuclear terrorism is at the top of the U.S. nuclear agenda. The threat of destruction by Russian warheads is now considered a secondary menace
Frank Gaffney, a former arms control adviser to President Ronald Reagan, says the president's nuclear posture review is based on a false and dangerous premise. "The idea that he can, by reducing America's nuclear arsenal, contribute to the universal abandonment of nuclear weaponry. It will not happen. It will not happen on his watch. It will not happen ever," he said
The idea that he can, by reducing America's nuclear arsenal, contribute to the universal abandonment of nuclear weaponry. It will not happen
It will not happen. It will not happen on his watch. It will not happen ever
It will not happen on his watch. It will not happen ever
In their hour-and-a-half meeting before the ceremony, President Obama urged Medvedev to support new U.N. sanctions against Iran for its refusal to stop enriching uranium. The Russian leader said the issue is not whether to impose sanctions, but what kind of sanctions
We are working together at the United Nations Security Council to pass strong sanctions on Iran and we will not tolerate actions that flout the NPT (Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.My expectation is that we are going to be able to secure strong, tough sanctions on Iran this spring
to pass it will require Republican votes. Republicans in the Senate have expressed concerns that too many restrictions have been placed on America's nuclear arsenal
However, Obama is confident the treaty will be ratified when asked during a press conference following the signing. Obama stated, "And so I'm actually quite confident that Democrats and Republicans in the United States Senate, having reviewed this, will see that the United States has preserved its core national security interests, that it is maintaining a safe and secure and effective nuclear deterrent, but that we are beginning to once again move forward, leaving the Cold War behind, to address new challenges in new ways
Benjamin Netanyahu gave the death toll to be at least 10. Israeli television says that 19 people were killed and 36 were wounded in the confrontation
that "the organizers are well-known for their ties with global jihad, al-Qaida and Hamas. They have a history of arms smuggling and deadly terror
that "the organizers are well-known for their ties with global jihad, al-Qaida and Hamas. They have a history of arms smuggling and deadly terror." The Israeli military had declared it would not allow the ships to reach Gaza and said the activists were a "provocation intended to delegitimise Israel
The Israeli military had declared it would not allow the ships to reach Gaza and said the activists were a "provocation intended to delegitimise Israel." The Israeli Navy had been transmitting messages throughout the night ordering them to turn back, stating: "If you ignore this order and enter the blockaded area, the Israeli navy will be forced to take all the necessary measures in order to enforce this blockade," and that the Gaza region was a protected military zone
Huwaida Arraf, one of the organizers, had said that the flotilla was "fully prepared for the different scenarios" that might arise, and organizers were hopeful that Israeli authorities would "do what's right" and not stop the convoy. She said, "we fully intend to go to Gaza regardless of any intimidation of threats of violence against us," and that "they are going to have to forcefully stop us
The pre-dawn boarding took place in international waters around 150 kilometres (90 miles) off the coast of Gaza. Footage from on the flotilla's lead vessel, the "MV Mavi Marmara", and video released by the IDF, showed armed Israeli commandos boarding the ship from helicopters and fighting with activists
According to the Israel Defense Forces, the activists attacked the commandos with batons, knives and axes.They were mobbed. They were clubbed, they were beaten, stabbed. There was even a report of gunfire and our soldiers had to defend themselves, defend their lives or they would have been killed
They were mobbed. They were clubbed, they were beaten, stabbed
They were clubbed, they were beaten, stabbed. There was even a report of gunfire
A spokesman for the flotilla, Greta Berlin, accused Israeli troops of indiscriminately shooting at "unarmed civilians". Israel said troops found weapons aboard the Gaza flotilla which were used against the IDF
Israel said troops found weapons aboard the Gaza flotilla which were used against the IDF. The allegations were rejected by both the Free Gaza Movement, IHH and Egypt's foreign minister, who said the boats had been searched before they left port
Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-Moon said he was "shocked by reports of killings and injuries of people on boats carrying supplies for Gaza" and called for "a full investigation to determine exactly how this bloodshed took place" and urged Israel to "urgently provide a full explanation". Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas called for three days of mourning to commemorate what he called the "massacre" of protesters
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas called for three days of mourning to commemorate what he called the "massacre" of protesters. Ismail Haniya, the Hamas leader in Gaza, has dubbed the Israeli action as "a crime
Some of the ships were sailing under Turkish flags and media reports indicate that Turkish nationals are among the dead. Turkey demanded an "urgent explanation" from Israel and warned of "irreparable consequences" after the incident
Turkey demanded an "urgent explanation" from Israel and warned of "irreparable consequences" after the incident. Netanyahu said the raid was self defense
Netanyahu said the raid was self defense. Turkey is withdrawing its ambassador to Israel and is calling on the U.N. Security Council to convene in an emergency session about Israel
The European Union's foreign policy chief, Catherine Ashton, has called on Israeli authorities to launch a "full inquiry" into the killing. She "reiterates the European Union's position regarding Gaza - the continued policy of closure is unacceptable and politically counterproductive
She "reiterates the European Union's position regarding Gaza - the continued policy of closure is unacceptable and politically counterproductive
The European Union's foreign policy chief, Catherine Ashton, has called on Israeli authorities to launch a "full inquiry" into the killing. She "reiterates the European Union's position regarding Gaza - the continued policy of closure is unacceptable and politically counterproductive." Germany's Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said he was "deeply concerned" and France said "nothing can justify" the incident
Germany's Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said he was "deeply concerned" and France said "nothing can justify" the incident. Sweden, Austria, Greece and Spain have said it was important to "quickly establish" what happened, and have summoned the Israeli ambassadors
The British Foreign Secretary William Hague has called on the Government of Israel to open all crossings for aid to enter Gaza and said Israel should "address the serious concerns about the deterioration in the humanitarian and economic situation and about the effect on a generation of young Palestinians‪." Russia calls attention to the fact that the Israeli interception of a Gaza-bound international aid flotilla took place in international waters, which it said represents a gross violation of international law
. Thousands of demonstrators took to the streets in Europe. In Greece and France there were clashes with poli
. In Greece and France there were clashes with police. There were protests in cities around Ireland, the UK and Ita
. There were protests in cities around Ireland, the UK and Italy. In the Middle East there were protests in Turkey, Lebanon and Ir
The White House said that the United States "deeply regrets" the loss of life and injuries and was working to understand the circumstances surrounding this "tragedy". The Organization of the Islamic Conference, comprising of 57 countries, described the flotilla incident as "a serious escalation and a flagrant violation of the international law and human valu
The media has not been given access to the politicians, activists and journalists who were in the convoy or information about deaths and injuries. Israeli Police spokesman, Micky Rosenfeld, said the police will deport roughly 50 of the 671 activists in the flotilla except those who refuse to coopera
The change follows Nokia's fall in world markets. It includes a decrease in Nokia's American market share to less than ten percent
Nokia has a unique global position as well as a great brand upon which we can build. The Nokia slogan clearly states our key mission: "Connecting People", which will acquire new dimensions as we build our portfolio of products, solutions and services
In the announcement, the Chairman of the Nokia Board of Directors stressed an expected shift of focus from hardware to software. "Elop's strong software background and proven record in change management will be valuable assets
Elop's strong software background and proven record in change management will be valuable assets as we press harder to complete the transformation of the company. We believe that Stephen will be able to drive both innovation and efficient execution of the company strategy in order to deliver increased value to our shareholders
Nokia is transitioning from a hardware manufacturer of mobile devices to a software and solutions business. Stephen's background in the software industry is one of his key strengths
Residents of the area said that around 3:50 AM Central time they heard a loud explosion. Dale Wyatt, who was walking his dog, Buddah, said that his dog found the body around 5:15 AM
A Grenadian cabinet Minister has resigned after he boycotted his own swearing-in ceremony. Michael Church handed his resignation to Tillman Thomas, the Prime Minister of Grenada, yesterday. Church boycotted the ceremony after he was demoted from Minister of Labour, Social Security and Ecclesiastical Affairs
Peter David and Glynnis Roberts also had their posts changed in the cabinet reshuffle. They have since accepted their new posts
Prime Minister Tillman issued a statement on Church's decision to leave the cabinet. He said "It is always a traumatic experience for a government to lose one of its members, especially at a time when all hands are needed in the rebuilding of our nation
Despite the features, there has been criticism related to this new engine. One example is how their index only dates back to March 2005
Britain has raised the idea of using private security firms as part of efforts to bolster military support for Libyan rebels. Defence officials speaking to "The Guardian" have floated the idea as Western powers examine ways to turn the tide of the rebels' stuttering campaign against forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi
to phase out such operators over the next 12 months. The image of such firms has been severely tarnished by repeated revelations of abuse by the U.S. firm Blackwater Worldwide, subsequently renamed Xe Services
The image of such firms has been severely tarnished by repeated revelations of abuse by the U.S. firm Blackwater Worldwide, subsequently renamed Xe Services. Blackwater executives and employees have faced civil lawsuits, criminal charges and Congressional investigations related to accusations of bribery and murder in Iraq and Afghanistan
 Police have blamed the robbery on the IRA which has repeatedly denied any connection to the theft. Sinn Féin, a political party linked with the Provisional IRA, has protested the arrests, accusing police of targeting IRA sympathizers and supporters in their investigatio
We need new thinking for the new world.You cannot make people happy by using tanks and missiles
Gorbachev, leader of the Soviet Union from 1985 to 1991, has been credited with ending the Cold War. As Soviet leader, he implemented wide-ranging political and economic reforms
Alias" currently airs Thursdays at 8:00 PM EST on ABC. This has led to a drop in ratings as it is opposite CBS' popular reality TV show "Survivor: Guatemala
Last season "Alias" averaged 10.3 million viewers per week according to Nielsen Media Research. This season they only averaged 7 million viewers per week
I have sad news to report; John Hospers has passed away
He was the sweetest man alive, and a very loyal friend of mine. He will be greatly missed by all
He will be greatly missed by all. The Libertarian movement has lost a pioneer and hero
However, he was best known for his 1972 run for president with the newly created Libertarian Party. He appeared on the ballot in only Washington and Colorado and received a combined 8,715 votes, but won an electoral vote from the faithless elector Roger MacBride of Virginia
In recent years, Hospers was active on Facebook. In his final post on Saturday, he thanked his friends after celebrating his 93rd birthday two days earlier
Marvin Harrison caught two touchdown passes from Peyton Manning, including a 65-yard pass in the second quarter. Mike Vanderjagt kicked four field goals
Marvin Harrison caught two touchdown passes from Peyton Manning, including a 65-yard pass in the second quarter. Mike Vanderjagt kicked four field goals. The Jaguars, who were held to a single field goal in the first 3 quarters, scored two touchdowns in the last five minutes of the game
Only three other teams in NFL history have remained undefeated through the first 13 games of the season: the 1934 Chicago Bears, the 1972 Miami Dolphins, and the 1998 Denver Broncos. Only the 1972 Dolphins finished the season with perfection
Only the 1972 Dolphins finished the season with perfection. They played a 14-game schedule with three playoff games
Going 16-0 would be great, but it's not the most important thing.We're going to keep our mantra: one game at a time
We're going to keep our mantra: one game at a time. We're going to do everything we can to beat San Diego and we're not going to look ahead
However, the report stresses that there are "systemic problems" arising from "a failure to apply a human rights approach to home care provision". The report asserts that it is generally not the fault of individuals providing care, but that serious problems exist, as local authorities seem unaware of their obligations under the Human Rights Act and fail to commission, procure, and monitor care accordingly
The EHRC's investigation highlights a range of recurring complaints and attempts to identify the underlying causes; cost is repeatedly mentioned, with use of the private-sector leading some local authorities to offer a "one size fits all" service, leaving many elderly feeling they are "a task to be undertaken" and have "little or no choice" as to what help they receive or when care workers visit
cost is repeatedly mentioned, with use of the private-sector leading some local authorities to offer a "one size fits all" service, leaving many elderly feeling they are "a task to be undertaken" and have "little or no choice" as to what help they receive or when care workers visit. A failure to invest in care workers is noted, with significant responsibility and the wide range of skills required being rewarded with low pay and status
A failure to invest in care workers is noted, with significant responsibility and the wide range of skills required being rewarded with low pay and status; this adversely impacts staff retention and, a high turnover of care workers can put the security of care recipients at-risk
".A recurring theme in the responses of those interviewed is the social isolation that their home care is not adequately addressing. One male interviewee in his seventies who previously used a scooter to get about said in his interview, "I haven’t been out of the house now for about four w
w, "I haven’t been out of the house now for about four weeks. I dar
eeks. I daren't. The last time I went out on the scooter I hit the kerb and it frightened the living daylights out
ng. One male interviewee in his seventies who previously used a scooter to get about said in his interview, "I haven’t been out of the house now for about four weeks. I daren't. The last time I went out on the scooter I hit the kerb and it frightened the living daylights out of me." Another, an 85-year-old woman who lives alone, expressed sadness at her inability to do normal th
 me." Another, an 85-year-old woman who lives alone, expressed sadness at her inability to do normal things: "I would love to go to town to do some sh
ngs: "I would love to go to town to do some shopping. I haven’t been to town for about two
ping. I haven’t been to town for about two years... Wander round the town and have a cup of tea... I’d lov
e that."The social isolation many elderly experience was summed up neatly by another woman in her eighties in her interview: "When you go now, I will maybe not talk to anybody till tomorrow; maybe the whole of tomorrow, nobody to talk to face to face. Nobody will knock on that door. That is it, a life of
u go now, I will maybe not talk to anybody till tomorrow; maybe the whole of tomorrow, nobody to talk to face to face. Nobody will knock on
terview: "When you go now, I will maybe not talk to anybody till tomorrow; maybe the whole of tomorrow, nobody to talk to face to face. Nobody will knock on that door. That is it, a life of
ation."  e system, intends to press for legislative changes to ensure those receiving care at home are given the same protections under the Human Rights Act as those in residential care. In the conclusions of their report, they offer to work with, and support, local authorities in understanding and delivering care that respects peoples' rights and dignity, and recommend better guidance be made available to the elderly and their families as to the choices
Pop star Michael Jackson was caught by photographers dressed in women's clothing in a shopping mall in the Gulf state of Bahrain. Jackson was dressed in a black "abaya" (a traditional full-length robe), a veil covering his face, dark sunglasses and gloves
Jackson was dressed in a black "abaya" (a traditional full-length robe), a veil covering his face, dark sunglasses and gloves. Jackson was accompanied by three young, Western-looking children, their faces covered with black veils, and an adult woman wearing an "abaya" over jeans, her face partly covered, and bodyguards
After Jackson was recognized, he reportedly said "Please, No!" and the unidentified woman asked photographers to back off. Photographers continued to take pictures
A picture published by The Australian shows an adult completely covered in black, holding the hand of a young child whose face is covered. Mall officials confirmed that it was Michael Jackson
Refugee rights advocates and Australian Parliamentarians on Christmas Island have expressed alarm at the Indonesian Government's direct request to Prime Minister John Howard for the return of 43 Papuan asylum seekers, who arrived on Cape York by boat on January 18th. Rob Wesley-Smith from "Australians for a Free West Papua" said the asylum seekers escaped because their lives were threatened, and would certainly face death if forced to return
The people have escaped... because their lives are at risk.Their fathers have been killed, one of them was in jail for a number of years himself
so no way should they go back - they'd be killed
Mr Wesley-Smith says they have legitimate claims for refugee status. "There's evidence that some have been mistreated and tortured and they're a cohesive group and strongly politically motivated, and that there is no way that they would be seen as a group to be sent back - that that's just a preliminary assessment," he said
and that there is no way that they would be seen as a group to be sent back - that that's just a preliminary assessment
the refugees had a "very strong case" for refugee status. "Some of what has come out of the interviews has been absolutely heart-wrenching
Some of what has come out of the interviews has been absolutely heart-wrenching.The group described accounts of vicious bashings while in prison and attacks on villages and livestock in retaliation for the Papuans agitating for independence
Under the control of the Indonesian military, an estimated 100,000 West Papuans have lost their lives over the last four decades. Two days after the West Papuan refugees arrived in Australia, Indonesian troops opened fire in the Paniai district, killing a 13-year-old and wounding two others
She said verification and interviews by Australian authorities were "standard procedure" and valid for anybody arriving in the country without official documents. The process, she said, was in line with United Nations Conventions and Australian laws
She said the two governments have had good relations since the Bali bombing in October 2002 and the tsunami in December 2004. Reports in Jakarta media say John Howard has given assurance to Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono that the handling of the West Papuan group, who's territory is under Indonesian authority, would not disturb the relation between the two countries
Australia's borders are protected by mandatory detention legislation. The Australian government detains all persons entering the country by boat without a valid visa, including children
The Australian government detains all persons entering the country by boat without a valid visa, including children. Since the late 1990’s, unauthorised arrivals have been transferred to one of the Australian immigration detention facilities on the Australian mainland, or to Manus Island, Nauru or Christmas Island as part of the Pacific Solution
A High Court decision in 2005 means that detention can also be indefinite - the Court ruled that the government had the right to keep a Palestinian asylum seeker in detention, even without any prospect of relea
Greens senator Kerry Nettle visited Christmas Island at the weekend and talked with some of the Papuans. She called on the Government to move the group to the Australian mainland, where there is an established West Papuan communi
His first wife Bonnie sometimes performed with him, later becoming a lead back-up singer after their 1953 divorce. One of their two sons, Alvis Alan Owens, became a singer under the stage name Buddy Alan and had a 1968 top 10 hit "Let the World Keep on a -Turnin", and sang many duets with his father
that global temperatures could rise by up to 11° C, even if global carbon dioxide levels are limited to twice those found before the Industrial Revolution; levels that high are expected to be reached in the middle of this century
The Climateprediction.net is a distributed computing project. More than 95,000 people around the world have downloaded the softwar
The project is a collaboration between several UK universities and the Met Offic. In the summer of 2004 the project joined forces with the SETI progra
This year held the Patriots' first NCAA Tournament game victory, where they beat Michigan State (No. 6 seed) and the University of North Carolina (No. 3 seed) in the first two rounds. They defeated Wichita State in the third round, setting up today's match against UConn
Although GMU lost to the University of North Carolina - Wilmington in the CAA Championship bid, the NCAA selection committee awarded the team an at-large bid. This drew criticism from sports commentators such as Billy Packer, who felt it was more appropriate to give at-large bids to schools from major conferences, like the Big East, Big 10, or ACC
This drew criticism from sports commentators such as Billy Packer, who felt it was more appropriate to give at-large bids to schools from major conferences, like the Big East, Big 10, or ACC. Packer argued that the tougher schedules during the regular season in those conferences gave more legitimacy to teams in those leagues
 that the development will be akin to a "homecoming" for him. The ginger-haired property tycoon's mother is from the Western Isles of Scotlan
 "As soon as I saw it, there was no question about it. I looked at 211 fantastic sites all over Europe, but here it is - the dune size and the ocean fro
. I looked at 211 fantastic sites all over Europe, but here it is - the dune size and the ocean front. There is no piece of land that I have ever seen that is comparable to th
c, expecting an influx of international visitors to play on (or simply visit) the site. Plans to expand the A90 road running past the site in the near future will enable more road traffic to and around the a
The book does not contain any signs of extremism and does not incite hatred on ethnic, religious or any other grounds. On the contrary, the book, written in the commentary tradition of Bengali Vaishnavism, one of the most popular branches of Hinduism, is considered sacred by a section of believers", the scholars emphasized, warning that the continued trial of the Hindu scripture in Russia is "driving a wedge in Russian-Indian relations." Similar concerns were voiced earlier at an all-Russian conference at Tomsk State University titled "Bhagavad Gita in history and modern society"
Similar concerns were voiced earlier at an all-Russian conference at Tomsk State University titled "Bhagavad Gita in history and modern society", where scholars expressed perplexity at the prosecutor's move to declare a translation of the Hindu scripture extremist. Speaking at the conference, Irina Glushkova, chief researcher of the Indian Research Center at the Oriental Studies Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences, stressed that "Bhagavad Gita As It Is" has the right to exist as any other commentary or scripture
Bhagavad Gita As It Is" has the right to exist as any other commentary or scripture. It is a fundamental principle of Hinduism and there is not any other Hinduism
that Kelso High School will be rebuilt under the NSW government's New Schools Public Private Partnerships (PPP) program. Under the program, the bulk of construction costs come from private companies who own the schools for 30 years
that the government would be rebuilding the school at a cost of $18 to $25 million. "The Government has accepted the responsibility of the $18 million to $25 million to rebuild the school
Australian Greens education spokesperson, John Kaye, said that problems were already emerging with the PPP program in NSW. In March 2006, it was revealed that the government had to negotiate an exit strategy so that after school hours child care could be provided
In March 2006, it was revealed that the government had to negotiate an exit strategy so that after school hours child care could be provided. In a media release provided to Wikinews, Dr Kaye said, "Yet another flaw in a NSW Public Private Partnership (PPP) has been uncovered
Yet another flaw in a NSW Public Private Partnership (PPP) has been uncovered. Just like the Cross City Tunnel, the community suffered because the contract failed to protect the quality of service delivery
Dr Kaye also pointed out that an Auditor general’s report found alarming evidence that the basis for PPP in NSW could be based on unreliable financial models. Dr Kaye said that the Auditor General has "cast a very large shadow" over the government's claimed savings from the PPP progr
.“It appears that the NSW government does not know with any degree of certainty how much it would cost to perform the same function in the public sector. Any attempt to say that private sector control is cheaper is now fraught with da
A train travelling from Tel Aviv to Haifa struck a truck at a junction. As a result of the impact, the first three carriages of the train were derailed
As a result of the impact, the first three carriages of the train were derailed. We are dealing with a large number of casualties
The driver got out before the crossing gate came down. The train just continued steaming ahead with the truck
Over 1,200 people have lost their lives in the conflict. 1,110, mostly civilians, have died in Lebanon and 157 Israelis, mostly military, were killed
1,110, mostly civilians, have died in Lebanon and 157 Israelis, mostly military, were killed. Israel says it killed 530 Hezbollahh fighters
of how the families of these men feel today. They have had to endure a stigma for decades
They have had to endure a stigma for decades. I believe it is appropriate to seek a statutory pardon
saying Farr's refusal to fight was a direct result of the mental stress caused by his experience in the trenches. They had argued that Pvt. Farr was suffering from shell shock, he should have not been sent back to the trenches and that the court martial was unfair because it did not take shell shock into consideration
but the family sought a judicial review. After a High Court ruled against a pardon, the family appealed to the Defence Secretary for a review of the case
After a High Court ruled against a pardon, the family appealed to the Defence Secretary for a review of the case. In May 2005, a judge opined that there was "room for argument" that they had been wrongly refused a conditional posthumous pardon
In May 2005, a judge opined that there was "room for argument" that they had been wrongly refused a conditional posthumous pardon. A further hearing scheduled for October 2005 was delayed while Defence Secretary John Reid reconsidered the case
Relatives of many soldiers convicted of desertion or cowardice have been calling for pardons since 1990 when the Public Record Office declassified case documents. Campaigners claimed that most of the soldiers were suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder brought on by their experience of trench warfare and that they were unrepresented or defended by those with no legal training at trial, where relevant medical history, including mental health, was ignored
while John Reid, Armed Forces Minister in July 1998, refused a request for all executed soldiers to be pardoned. The government had always said it would consider each case on its own merits
He said that 90 years after the events, the evidence doesn't exist to assess cases individually. Speaking to BBC Radio 4, Mr. Browne said "We can't be in a situation morally where we cannot redress injustices because we don't have paperwork in relation to an individual case
serving in France for two years. He saw fighting at Neuve-Chappelle, where his battalion was shelled repeatedly
where his battalion was shelled repeatedly. In May 1915, he collapsed with shell shock and was evacuated to Boulogne
In May 1915, he collapsed with shell shock and was evacuated to Boulogne. He returned to see action in the Battle of Somme
He returned to see action in the Battle of Somme. In September 1916, he refused to 'go over the top
Medical evidence presented at the court martial and found later showed that he was treated many times for being "sick with nerves" and "shell shock". He was found guilty of "misbehaving before the enemy in such a manner as to show cowardice
He was found guilty of "misbehaving before the enemy in such a manner as to show cowardice;" the decision was reached in 20 minutes
An Army chaplain who witnessed his execution wrote to his widow, Gertie Batstone "A finer soldier never lived" and that Pvt. Farr had refused to wear a blindfold during the execution, the "Independent" newspaper reported. "The Times" reports that nurses at the hospital where he was treated for severe shell shock said that he was unable to hold a pen in his trembling hand
We don't know if it's a full or a conditional pardon yet. We are over the moon
I'm overwhelmed. I prayed that it would happen in my lifetime but I never realised really that it would
I prayed that it would happen in my lifetime but I never realised really that it would. It's come really as a shock today
I am so relieved that this ordeal is now over and I can be content knowing that my father's memory is intact. I have always argued that my father's refusal to rejoin the front line was in fact the result of shell shock
despite Brock having never lived in Bathurst, he was an honorary citizen. "Although he is not a local resident and has never lived here, Peter Brock was very much an honorary citizen of Bathurst
Although he is not a local resident and has never lived here, Peter Brock was very much an honorary citizen of Bathurst and has over his career had a significant impact on the lives of many people in this community – our local radio station B-Rock FM is even named after him
d that his council would host a fitting tribute to Mr Brock. "The council will make plans for a fitting tribute in honour of Peter's life and career in the coming da
Mr Mann's sentiment has been echoed by chairman of V8 Supercars Australia Tony Cochrane. Mr Cochrane said Bathurst would be the most appropriate place for a tribute to the motor racing ic
. Mr Cochrane said Bathurst would be the most appropriate place for a tribute to the motor racing icon. In a statement, Mr Cochrane said "The most befitting place for a tribute is Bathur
 "The most befitting place for a tribute is Bathurst. He forged his name in motor sport on that mounta
. He forged his name in motor sport on that mountain; I think the fans will come to expect something speci
d we will provide that. We will obviously give special thought to how we are going to do that and we will take into account the families' wish
Without countries like the US, China or India making decisive commitments, UK competitiveness will undoubtedly suffer if we act alone. This would be bad for business, bad for the economy and ultimately bad for our climate
Brendan Barber, General Secretary of the Trades Union Congress, was optimistic about the opportunities for industry to meet demands created by investment in technology to combat climate change. The Prince of Wales' Corporate Leaders Group on Climate Change, formed by 14 of UK's leading companies shared this hope
The Prince of Wales' Corporate Leaders Group on Climate Change, formed by 14 of UK's leading companies shared this hope. Chairman of Shell UK, James Smith, expressed the hope of the group that business and Government would discuss how Britain could obtain "first mover advantage" in what he described as "massive new global markets
Nigel Farage, leader of the UK Independence Party, questions the assertions that there is scientific consensus on global warming. At best, he said, there is uncertaint
 At best, he said, there is uncertainty. Politicians world-wide are jumping on the ‘green' bandwago
t'.Ruth Lea, Director of the Centre for Policy Studies, also questions the notion that there is a ‘scientific consensus' over global warming. She alleges that "authorities on climate science say that the climate system is far too complex for modest reductions in one of the thousands of factors involved in climate change (i.e. carbon emissions) to have a predictable effect in magnitude, or even dire
rming. She alleges that "authorities on climate science say that the climate system is far too complex for modest reductions in one of the thousands of factors involved in climate change (i.e. carbon emissions) to have a predictable effect in magnitude, or even direction." About the economic models, upon which Stern relied for his projections, her experience was that forecasting just two or three years ahead was usuall
tion." About the economic models, upon which Stern relied for his projections, her experience was that forecasting just two or three years ahead was usually wrong. She described the problem of drawing conclusions from combining scientific and economic models as ‘monumentally 
wrong. She described the problem of drawing conclusions from combining scientific and economic models as ‘monumentally complex'. She doubted whether international cooperation was really p
rming. She alleges that "authorities on climate science say that the climate system is far too complex for modest reductions in one of the thousands of factors involved in climate change (i.e. carbon emissions) to have a predictable effect in magnitude, or even direction." About the economic models, upon which Stern relied for his projections, her experience was that forecasting just two or three years ahead was usually wrong. She described the problem of drawing conclusions from combining scientific and economic models as ‘monumentally complex'. She doubted whether international cooperation was really possible. She concluded that she thought that this Review was designed to cloak the motives of a government that wanted some moral justification for increasing taxation o
 change. The projects are part of the Asia-Pacific Partnership on Clean Development and Climate. "The Asia-Pacific Partnership includes countries that represent about half of the world's emissions, energy use, GDP (gross domestic product) and population, and is an important initiative that engages, for the first time, the key greenhouse-gas emitting countries in the Asia-Pacif
 saying "ABARE indicated that the type of research undertaken for the Stern Report is beyond them. They can put a price on what ratifying the Kyoto protocol would cost but have no idea or capacity to put a price on the cost of n
nd them. They can put a price on what ratifying the Kyoto protocol would cost but have no idea or capacity to put a price on the cost of not acting. They are tinkering around the edges of the problem and don't seem to know whether climate change is real or whether there is an
The city of Baqubah, just northeast of Baghdad, seems to have collapsed under insurgent control. Government offices and schools are closed. Assassinations take life and power from mayors, tribal chiefs and policemen. Residents fear to leave their homes
Government offices and schools are closed. Assassinations take life and power from mayors, tribal chiefs and policemen
Assassinations take life and power from mayors, tribal chiefs and policemen. Residents fear to leave their homes
The majority Sunni-Muslim city was once full of promise for Americans. Six months ago, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the leader of Al Qaeda in Iraq, was killed near here. In October, U.S. forces in the area began to pull back, handing security largely over to Iraqi forces
Six months ago, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the leader of Al Qaeda in Iraq, was killed near here. In October, U.S. forces in the area began to pull back, handing security largely over to Iraqi forces
. We are with the mujahedin. They are heroes and history will remember Baqubah’s fight against the occupati
ter: “Thank God, we are forging ahead with our goals. We fight the occupation and kill every Iraqi policeman or soldier that protects the Ame
 goals. We fight the occupation and kill every Iraqi policeman or soldier that protects the Americans. If it was not for them, the Americans would have been terminated and ki
 out.”U.S. military commanders have decided to step up their counterinsurgency efforts in the city. They will add more troops and work toward recons
 out.”U.S. military commanders have decided to step up their counterinsurgency efforts in the city. They will add more troops and work toward reconstruction. Late last month, combined American and Iraqi forces raided what the U.S. Army called "a suspected terrorist train
truction. Late last month, combined American and Iraqi forces raided what the U.S. Army called "a suspected terrorist training camp." The Army said it captured 13 suspected insurgents durin
province. But the road ahead appears long; Iraqi contractors are refusing to enter the area and much-needed food and petroleum shipments have dropped off co
Japanese multinational company Fujitsu launched a website for a dog pedometer which allows customers to monitor their dog's health online. The device measures data while attached to the dog's collar. Customers are also able to add more data to the website manually, which then displays the complete set of data graphically
The pedometer is called "Wandant", from Japanese "Wan", equivalent to "woof", and the "dant" of "pendant". The latter refers to the pedometer, because it is attached to a dog collar
The data are presented graphically on a custom website that makes trends in the dog's activities easy to understand at a glance. This helps owners get a stronger sense of their dog's health, while enabling communication with the dog
den where, three years later, he began work for the Swedish Post Office and became their chief engraver. He produced over 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other count
es. His work is of such recognized quality and detail that he is one of the very few "household names" among philatelists. Some specialize in collecting his work a
Leaders from the 7 richest industrialised countries and Russia will have to deal with climate issues at the 33rd G8 summit in Heiligendamm, Germany. While France and Germany are calling for quantifiable greenhouse gas emission cuts, the U.S. and Japan believe that growing economies such as India and China would need to join in on such efforts
German Chancellor Angela Merkel, at the G8 summit yesterday, said the two main topics were climate change and combating poverty in Africa. She said her first talks with president Bush were good, and added: "I trust that we will work out joint positions on that
She said her first talks with president Bush were good, and added: "I trust that we will work out joint positions on that." Bush acknowledged that he has "strong desire to work ... on a post-Kyoto agreement
 but on the other hand he wants to urge countries like India and China to join climate efforts. He told reporters that: "The United States can serve as a bridge between some nations who believe that now is the time to come up with a set goal and those who are reluctant to participate in the dialogu
"The United States can serve as a bridge between some nations who believe that now is the time to come up with a set goal and those who are reluctant to participate in the dialogue. We all can make major strides, and yet there won't be a reduction until China and India are participant
 When asked about the U.S. plans, Merkel said in a television interview that she didn't expect the differences to disappear overnight. At the G8 summit she said: "I think we all know that the goals agreed by the European Union cannot be accepted by the entire worl
The new President of France, Nicolas Sarkozy, wants the U.S. to increase their efforts on climate issues. He told reporters yesterday: "We need quantifiable targets in the final tex
 and I intend to talk to the president of the United States about it as early as this evenin. but we need to set ourselves targets to clearly show the determination of the G8 to act and to obtain result
 but we need to set ourselves targets to clearly show the determination of the G8 to act and to obtain results. If we don't act now, it will be too late to avoid a disaste
 If we don't act now, it will be too late to avoid a disaster. It will cost less than if we wai
A spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin called the U.S. plans to deal with global warming "very pragmatic and interesting." Italian Prime Minister Romano Prodi recognised that "the American president has made comments in the last few days that have been more open than in the pas
d he also thought the E.U. was taking a leading role in the climate debate by influencing the position of countries like the U.S. and China. He believes a global agreement to follow Kyoto is needed, possibly by 20
. He believes a global agreement to follow Kyoto is needed, possibly by 2009. He stressed that, as this was a problem created by all nations, affecting everyone, it had to be tackled within the UN-framework, and that agreements made by only a number of states would fall short of what is need
including the short film, "Byron's Theme". Other films include "A Thousand Kisses Deep", and "A White Mule
However, after Ms Sert's transplant surgery in 2011, she began to menstruate — an indication of a working womb. Ms Sert's doctors in Antalya, Turkey monitored the long-term success of the transplant for 18 months before in vitro fertilisation
Despite no uterus, Ms Sert did produce egg cells. This March, doctors fertilised one of these eggs, and placed the resulting embryo in Ms Sert's functioning transplanted wo
Younger Americans may be more receptive to traditionally liberal social policy than their parents, according to a recent poll conducted by the New York Times, CBS News, and MTV. The survey found those ages 17 to 29 to be substantially more interested in Presidential politics, with nearly 60 percent expressing interest in the 2008 race, compared to 35 percent at approximately the same point in the 2004 campaign
Optimism about the outcome of the war in Iraq was higher among the young, with 51 percent of those surveyed predicting a successful outcome.Among all adults, 45 percent envision a successful outcome of the war
In stark contrast, younger Americans expressed a generally pessimistic attitude about their future personally and the direction of the country in general. Nearly half predict that they will not enjoy the same success as their parents, and 70 percent felt that the country was on the wrong track
Despite differences on social policy, some similarities emerged in the poll. Survey data indicated that just 28 percent of those polled approved of the Bush administration's performance, which is fairly consistent with other polls of the President's performance, hovering around 30 percent. Support for abortion was also similar between youth and voters in general
although 2004 saw sharp increases in young voter participation. That year, 47 percent of 18 to 24-year-olds voted, compared with 36 percent in the 2000 election
Commissioner Robert Lafrenière said the alleged illegal acts occurred between 2006 and 2011 and relate to two real-estate projects in the Côte des Neiges-Notre Dame de Grâce borough. The CBC indicated one of these projects was the borough's new 15 million dollar sports compl
ourt.Several politicians are calling on Applebaum to resign, including Québec Premier Pauline Marois, to let the city continue on with its affairs. A few others, such as Coalition Avenir Québec leader François Legault, are suggesting to put the city on a trusteeship, as Laval was a few we
hydraulic cutting equipment was used during rescue efforts. "Ambulance personnel and police officers worked closely with our team throughout the incident but sadly one passenger from each car lost their life
but sadly one passenger from each car lost their life.The thoughts of all emergency responders who were at the scene will be with the casualties and their loved ones as they attempt to come to terms with what has happened
e.The 70-year-old former President declared this Sunday that his lawyers will appeal should the court find him guilty and he is prepared to face incarceration. Estrada added that he will not ask for any form of pardon from incumbent President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo who assumed office when Estrada was ou
ng, "I submitted myself to the rule of law when I allowed the impeachment proceedings against me to take its course. I did not attempt to influence the trial nor to any acts that may constitute obstruction of justice, whitewash or cover
The message said: I'm going to "shoot up this place on Sept. 26." According to the "Globe and Mail", the exact wording of the message is disputed
It was reported to campus security by a student just two days ago on Wednesday morning. Police examined the scene and checked other washrooms in the facility for related threats, but found none
Police examined the scene and checked other washrooms in the facility for related threats, but found none. The washroom is closed and police are guarding it
The washroom is closed and police are guarding it. Several school entrances were guarded off on Thursday
In these circumstances, you're never sure.The graffiti was on the wall. There have been similar kinds of pranks in the past at the University of Winnipeg. There have been bomb threats, and we have taken appropriate action over the years, but you can never rely on that
There have been similar kinds of pranks in the past at the University of Winnipeg. There have been bomb threats
but you can never rely on that.In today's heightened and somewhat dangerous circumstances, and the society we're in, we can't take any chances
The University's press release says frightened students and instructors can stay home on Wednesday. "The University respects those who make that decision and places no judgement on those who make that decision
Students can arrange to finish their missed exams on a separate date.to "notify your professor by the end of day Monday, September 24 (if possible) if you do not intend to attend classes on Wednesday
students to "notify your professor by the end of day Monday, September 24 (if possible) if you do not intend to attend classes on Wednesday." Faculty members, instructors, and staff are asked to notify the school on Monday if they do not wish to come on Wednesday
The National Park Service estimated that 15,000-20,000 freed and still-enslaved slaves were buried within a six block area. So far only 400 remains of bodies have been found
Tim Brooker, one of the former professors suing ORU, was employed by ORU starting 2001 when he was recruited by the Republican National Committee (RNC) "in an effort to further Republican efforts." According to reports, over the next six years, the program had success in political races outside of Oklahoma, and was financed either by the RNC or individual campaign committees
of making of illegal donations to current Tulsa County Commissioner Randi Miller, a Republican candidate, in her race for Tulsa mayor. The university staff worried that "Roberts risked the non-profit status of the university by insisting" students work as volunteers for Miller's mayoral campaign
The university staff worried that "Roberts risked the non-profit status of the university by insisting" students work as volunteers for Miller's mayoral campaign. In May 2006, after the IRS contacted ORU about its involvement in Miller's campaign, Brooker said he was told to "fall on the sword" while taking "full and total blame
he was told to "fall on the sword" while taking "full and total blame." This would have required covering up the directives made by Roberts
This would have required covering up the directives made by Roberts. Days after the three professors brought this to the attention of the school
b.In addition, one of Roberts' children was video-taped vandalizing and removing athletic department equipment from ORU property. The i ly, were not recov
s.John Hagee, an ORU Board of Regents member, said the university's executive board "is conducting a full and thorough investigation." The lawsuit alleges "members of the Board of Regents are painfully aware of the situation and have declined from this petition to preserve, as much as possible, the remaining image of the Univer
ng "if a Regent appears to give me trouble, I remove him. I stack the 
."On Wednesday, Roberts said, "This suit has been filed by an attorney who has, over the years, filed many suits against Oral Roberts University... and he has lost every suit that he has filed against the university." In response, Gary Richardson, representing the plaintiffs, noted he was involved in only one other lawsuit involving ORU, concerning its hospital building, and it was settled before t
ted he was involved in only one other lawsuit involving ORU, concerning its hospital building, and it was settled before t.d, "I hate to call him a liar, but he's a 
According to The New York Times sources, the Bush administration was divided at the time over whether to support the Israeli attack. The article quotes an American official as saying that "there wasn’t a lot of debate about the evidence of the reactor's existence", but that "there was a lot of debate about how to respond to it
Investigations suggest that many cases of sexual abuse are never reported, and those that are reported often do not lead to punishment for the offender. The cases do not always include enough evidence, and for this as well as other reasons the schools, courts, state governments, and federal governments cannot be sure that they are keeping sexual deviants out of teaching
Certain academic studies estimate that only about ten percent of victimized children report sexual abuse of any kind to a person who can take action to help them. When sexual misconduct is reported, teachers, administrators and some parents frequently cannot, either subconsciously or consciously, recognize the warning signs of a crime
The cases that the AP found were those of all types of educators -- teachers, school psychologists, and even principals and superintendents. The accused are often popular with students and parents, and are widely perceived as good teachers
The accused are often popular with students and parents, and are widely perceived as good teachers. In nearly 90 percent of the cases, the offenders are male
In nearly 90 percent of the cases, the offenders are male. While certain educators were accused of sexual misconduct in school, others were cited for abuse that occurred after hours and did not always involve one of their own students
While certain educators were accused of sexual misconduct in school, others were cited for abuse that occurred after hours and did not always involve one of their own students. At least 446 of the cases uncovered by the AP involved educators with multiple victims
However, while the AP found attempts to stop particular offenders, it also discovered a firm resistance towards identifying and preventing abuse. In schools, fellow teachers often ignore the abuse or feel they cannot help
In schools, fellow teachers often ignore the abuse or feel they cannot help. School administrators cut backdoor deals to sidestep lawsuits or bad press
The dearth of information is evidence of a system of disciplining teachers that, nationwide, is often cloaked in secrecy. It is difficult for states to share necessary information about those accused of misconduct and allows some to find classroom jobs in other states
Another disturbing trend is that cases of misconduct seem to be on the rise in many places. According to a New York State Education Department report, the number of "moral misconduct" accusations against educators in New York has doubled in five years
According to a New York State Education Department report, the number of "moral misconduct" accusations against educators in New York has doubled in five years. In 2005, 134 cases of “moral misconduct” were reported involving teachers and other school employees, as compared to just 70 cases in 2001
state.The AP's national analysis shows Texas and California with the most sexual misconduct cases, each with two to three times as many cases as New York. Florida proved about the same as 
ing. “If a child says such-and-such a person, teacher, coach or neighbor is 'weird,' the parent should not simply dismiss this comment, but have the child explain why the perso.he said. “Often we simply shush them without finding out why the child feels 
 she said. “Often we simply shush them without finding out why the child feels that way. People tend to think it won't ha
The concentration of carbon dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere is increasing faster than expected, according to a new study published in Tuesday's edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The study said that rising levels of CO2, the main greenhouse gas blamed for climate change, threaten to accelerate global warming
The study said that rising levels of CO2, the main greenhouse gas blamed for climate change, threaten to accelerate global warming. The study attributes the change in CO2 levels to increased use of fossil fuels and a decline in the amount of gas being absorbed by the oceans and land
CO2 emissions have increased by an average of 3.3 percent per year since 2000, compared with 1.1 percent per year in the 1990s. The rate has increased 35 percent more than scientists had anticipated based on economic growth, according to Corinne Le Quere, one of the paper's authors
The causes of the acceleration are surprising.One is that we are not as efficient at using CO2 as we had anticipated
The study attributed approximately half of the unexpected growth to an increase in the carbon intensity of the global economy, a measure of the amount of carbon emissions per unit of economic activity. "For 30 years we were becoming more efficient at using CO2 for producing energy and wealth, and this has completely stalled since 2000," Le Quere said
The remaining unexpected growth was attributed to a decline in the ability of the oceans and land to absorb CO2. Most climate models do not account for a weakening of CO2 sinks
The study "raises some very important issues that the public should be aware of: namely that concentrations of CO2 are increasing at much higher rates than previously expected
However, Le Quere suggested that this scenario might be overly optimistic. "There's quite a significant difference from what was forecast,” she said. "It's rather scary and the IPCC scenarios are, therefore, rather too optimistic
 "It's rather scary and the IPCC scenarios are, therefore, rather too optimistic — as if they weren't bleak enough already. The whole thing is likely to mean mitigation is rather more difficult than was thoug
Fourteen of the sixteen cars that comprised the service were derailed. The force of the accident, which occurred near Mehrabpur, about 250 miles from Karachi, was such that two were completely destroyed and the rails were severely damaged
that the official figures are now 40 dead and 269 injured. Most of the casualties were in the two carriages that were destroyed
that the official figures are now 40 dead and 269 injured. Most of the casualties were in the two carriages that were destroyed. "The position now is that there are 40 dead
that the original figure appeared sourceless. "I do not know where they (the officials) got it from
However, there are still conflicting reports about the number of casualties. Representatives of the Edhi Foundation, Pakistan's largest private emergency service provider said that the foundation had removed 45 bodies from the wreckage, while Mohammed Shafi Toor, head of the state-owned hospital at Mehrabpur, put the figures at 46 dead and 290 injured
Meanwhile, an official inquiry has been launched. "The inquiry is underway and will be completed within the next five days
Granville was shot five times and taken to a hospital where he later died. Abbas was killed instantly
